Add "contributing your voice" page (#1642)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/voice/contributing-your-voice.md

---
title: "Contributing Your Voice"
---

You can help us and the rest of the  open voice community develop **Speech-to-Text** and **Text-to-Speech** models for your language.

## Speech to Text

> When you speak to a computer, it **transcribes** the audio from your voice into text. There are many ways to do this, but they all rely on datasets of people speaking lists of sentences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you speak to a computer, it **transcribes** the audio from your voice into text. There are many ways to do this, but they all rely on recordings of people speaking.
```
